well howdy there internet people it's
boyoung
got a little update a little situation
report on what's going on over there so
we're gonna kind of go through that so
tonight we're going to talk about
defiance plans plans changing
replacements and equivalencies so the
big question even among people who this
is their field of study is Trump's
gamble gonna pay off is it gonna work he
did something unprecedented that many
viewed as just absolutely crazy but at
the same time there were a whole lot of
people going well that's never been done
before we can't really make a prediction
on what's gonna happen so most of us
most people who are up to speed at least
somewhat on that topic believed it was a
bad idea we got that confirmation with
the selection of the replacement for
soleimani they chose is Mel Connie it's
Mel Connie is basically sulla main same
guy I mean it's a different person but
Connie was trained by Soleimani Connie
was trusted by him completely
he ran the eastern operations on his own
has the same doctrine very much the same
ideology nothing changed so there's been
a massive escalation in tension and
there has been no change in Iranian
doctrine which is kind of what a lot of
people expected but we didn't know I
mean maybe you know there there's no way
to tell when you do something that
unpredictable so the plan was to do
something unpredictable and shake up
around it didn't work it did not work we
have reports that there was yet another
strike in addition to the one on Seoul
meny the reports are fuzzy to say the
least we've seen it said that they was
at
the Iraqis who were hit we've seen it
said that it was a medical convoy my my
friends are telling me that it was a
finance officer for the Iranians who
kind of he was a bagman he handed out
cash is what he did and the and that
there were de facto Iraqi military with
and when he got hit is that true
we don't know that there's there's a
whole lot of speculation about what's
going on
to my knowledge nothing's been confirmed
yet but that's yet another it's not
really an escalation it's a continuation
of this pattern which is at this point
if this does turn out to be the u.s.
that hasn't been confirmed yet either
but we really I mean come on we would
have to assume that we are now exist in
a state of war a state of war exists it
may not be the kind of hot war that
everybody imagines because we're not
used to war starting this way we
normally have a massive propaganda run
up rather than just a bunch of events
some people have questioned whether or
not this is them using the de
stabilization technique that is often
used for militant organizations I'm
going to say no because a key piece of
that is that the opposition can't know
you're doing it this just seems like
them taking targets of opportunity after
taking out somebody that they had
intended to take out so that's where
we're at now a lot of people in these
things when I say terms like bad actor
or something like that people are well
the u.s. does the same thing I'm gonna
try to approach this topic from a very
academic and clinical standpoint if
you're watching this channel I assume
you know the u.s. does the same thing I
don't think that I'm gonna need to say
that in every video
bloody Jena is our director of CIA I
mean come on
that's if you don't know who she is look
up John Kerry aku he'll fill you in on
it
we do have the exact type same type of
tools implements like soleimani like
Connie out there it is a a part of
modern international relations we do the
exact same type of thing some people
will take issue with that and say well
we don't fund those type yeah we do yeah
we do it's the same thing the only
difference is in how you view it is
determined entirely based on what flag
was flying outside the hospital you were
born in morally tactically strategically
it's all the same thing it's using
proxies to destabilize your opposition
to hinder your opposition and to further
your cause we do it all the time so that
that's where we're at I don't foresee
this I don't foresee any de-escalation
even though our allies are calling for
it saying we're messing up I would agree
with them I don't think that's gonna
happen I think the president is going to
go down this course unless he gets a
serious backlash in the polls because to
me that's what this is about
that is what this is about there aren't
many advisors that would have told them
this was a good idea because of the
response it would generate from our own
and here we are nothing changed in their
doctrine we've just become a target and
I do believe that Iran's response to
this will be the the green lighting of a
lot of operations targeting American
civilians that's where I think we're at
I don't think that they're going to want
to provoke or initiate a conventional
fight I think they're going to be okay
with using Iraq and the rest of the
Middle East and parts of Europe
as the battleground for a proxy war
between Iran in the United States again
all of this is real early the air strike
information is tentative at best but
this is where we're at so not a lot of
it's off that's kind of dry sorry but
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night